`--tool-native` Docs (#2326)
moonrepo/moon: website/docs/proto/commands/pin.mdx

```shell
$ proto pin go 1.20
$ proto pin python 3.14 --to=global
$ proto pin node lts --resolve

> $ proto pin npm latest --resolve --devEngines.packageManager

Author: ```suggestion
$ proto pin npm latest --resolve --tool-native
```

```

By default this will update the local [`./.prototools`](../config) file. Pass `--to` to customize

> the location, or use the `--devEngines.x` options below to store in the `package.json` for

Author: ```suggestion
the location, or use the `--tool-native` option to store it in a tool specific location, like the `devEngines` field in the `package.json` for JavaScript tools like Node and npm.
```

- `--to` - [Location of `.prototools`](../config#locations) to update. Supports `global`, `local`,
  and `user`.
  <VersionLabel version="0.41.0" />

> - `--devEngines.runtime` and `--devEngines.packageManager` - Pins the value in the local

Author: ```suggestion
- `--tool-native` - Pins the value in the local
```
